Since we went into such detail about sex maps are going to look pretty familiar to you because a lot
of the syntax is very similar.
Now a key difference between maps and objects because I know they seem similar is with maps you're using
key value pairs and with objects you're using essentially.
Some would argue key value pairs particularly it's a property and a value.
But either way the key difference for now is that when you use a map the key can be of any type just
like the value with objects.
The property name has to be a string or it has to evaluate to a string and so that severely limits what
we can do whenever we want to store values and keep track of them and access them.
So for example let's go ahead and make a new map.
It will be pretty familiar.
Will do.
Let mapping equals new and then map like so now that we have that if we ever want to set or add an item
to our map the way we do it is with a map set method right here.
And the first argument that we pass in is going to be the key.
So in this case we'll do something like a string name and will associate that with the value which is
the second argument which can be Andrew and we'll do one more just for good luck and we'll do something
like drink.
And then that can be like water for example.
Now if we want to retrieve these values the way that we do it is with another method called get.
So we'll do console log map dot get.
And then we specify whatever key we would like to use to get the value in this case or do name like
so.
And then if I save this you can see that it prints out Andrew.
Now we can do that also the same thing with objects so we'll make some objects will you Konst and key
one equals an objects and then we'll do Keets you also equals an object like so.
Now whenever I set these all do mapped us now with do key one equals five like so and then mapped US
key to equals or is associated with Hello.
Now I'm going to copy this cancelled out log.
That way we don't have to spend too much time typing.
So I'll just copy this twice down here and down here and I'll just trade out getting the name for getting
Q1 and Q2.
And now if I can log these you can see it prints out 5 and then hello.
So once again like objects with these maps right here we can use these objects as is a central key and
then associate them with whatever value that we'd like.
And I could also illustrate this to you with something like for example map dots.
And then we can do like lets say five and then we'll do as TR or regular gnome like so.
And then after that map does it and we can do a string five as well.
You know we'll call this next to your number and these will be considered two different keys in the
eyes of a javascript map.